good morning everyone welcome back to
another University vlog
[Music]
my room is an absolute tip it's
currently 744 I really haven't done very
much this morning and I've got a food
order coming right now
so I'm not going to actually tidy up my
room yet I haven't even made my bed
because I didn't want to start doing it
and then the food orders to come because
it's literally it was literally gonna be
like two minutes away so that was an
alarm look how I'm gonna see it is I
still haven't properly unpacked from
Jude's and there's my bed not made yeah
I've still got these huge hip use boxes
because I wasn't three boxes of hippies
crisps and I don't know how to put them
I'm gonna have to find a way to put them
in my wardrobe I think amazing thank you
so much I just come down now thank you
[Music]
so here's my breakfast it's looking
around cool so I basically got a tiny
bit of country crispier lots of yogurt
underneath and then I've got raspberries
frozen blueberries banana frozen mango a
little bit of peanut butter here and
I've also sprinkle some cinnamon here
and this looks delicious I've also just
balled up and tea so I'm going to make
myself a mug of our grade
[Music]
so it's currently 9:40 and I'm just
about to write my introduction I've been
doing some reading and now I'm gonna
write my introduction I've actually got
the whole essay written pretty much as
one paragraph which is bullet pointed
and then I'm actually just gonna read
through the essay and cut anything which
at this stage I think could be cut okay
I've just finished the essay it's a
hundred words over in there's one bit
that I just want to cut down but I'm not
gonna do that right now because I
actually have to get to a lecture now
and which starts in 25 minutes so I'm
just gonna quickly grab some lunch which
I can bring to campus and
[Music]
okay so my final seminar has just
finished I left a few minutes before we
ended but we were kind of wrapping up
and I I've got a train to catch
6:00 so I'm cutting it quite fine
because it's just about to turn five and
I haven't actually packed yet and I'm on
the other side of campus and I need to
walk to the station so I really hope
that this all goes according to plan
I'm going to an event with the UN World
Food Programme tomorrow which is really
exciting
it's basically thinking about how social
media can be used positively to help
solve world hunger I'm not sure if
you've heard of the app feed our future
but it's in conjunction with that which
you actually want to study to page on so
so if you want to donate a meal to a
hungry child in need it's only 35 pence
a day which is incredible really really
nothing at all but it can feed a child
for a whole day
so that's feed our future and I will
leave that link down below because it is
honestly such an incredible app I'm
going to this event tomorrow and if I
take a train tomorrow then the tickets
going to be I think it's 150 pounds more
I'm going to head up tonight I'm going
to be getting home at about 9:30 and
then I'll head straight to London from
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah running look at time it's currently
[Music]
it genuinely does feel like summer right
now it's beautiful it's so hazy and just
you know in summer when you have the
haze of midsummer and it's so hot that
you can see it rising well that's
obviously not it but the as really dusty
for some reason and so it looks a bit
like that even though it's not I'm at
the station was not cutting it fine
after all because it's 538 and my train
isn't until 682 so that's good
now I've just basically got some time to
kill now so I might get started now I
might read him of my book
[Music]
[Applause]
one
okay I literally run through your
Paddington's of all of it and the lady
at the desk
where one's getting at my single take
her back home it's just so cute ugly
just like you be as quick as possible
and I've actually sue another four
minutes till the train leaves so when I
got here the Train patented me up so
that's pretty good feeling very happy I
did not think that I would make it
because last and ten minutes ago
I was still at Paddington so I ran to
the station and I'm glad I did sometimes
if you're embarrassed about something
this is amazing it's kind of getting
that you make a choice okay
that came now say I'm just going son sir
look here I'm sorry the Lighting's
really would my hair looks very strange
too but thank you for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week why is this like so